README.md, before:

# [awesome-web-security](https://github.com/arainho/awesome-web-security)

**A collection of awesome Web Security tools and resources.**

## Awesome Repositories

Repository | Description
---- | ----
[awesome-web-security](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-web-security)| A curated list of Web Security materials and resources. 

## Tools
Repository | Description
---- | ----
[nikto](https://tools.kali.org/information-gathering/nikto)| Nikto is an Open Source (GPL) web server scanner
[zap](https://www.zaproxy.org) | OWASP Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP) web app scanner
[burp-community-edition](https://portswigger.net/burp/communitydownload) | Burp Suite Community Edition is a feature-limited set of manual tools for exploring web security


## Academy / Labs / Classes
Repository | Description
---- | ----
[portswigger-web-security](https://portswigger.net/web-security) | Free, online web security training from the creators of Burp Suite
[hacker101](https://www.hacker101.com/) | Hacker101 is a free class for web security including Videos, CTF and resources

## Other useful repositories
Repository | Description
---- | ----
[web-hacking-101](https://leanpub.com/web-hacking-101/read) | Web Hacking 101 by Peter Yaworski

Commit message:

kontra - owasp top10 for web

README.md, after:

# [awesome-web-security](https://github.com/arainho/awesome-web-security)

**A collection of awesome Web Security tools and resources.**

## Awesome Repositories

Repository | Description
---- | ----
[awesome-web-security](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-web-security)| A curated list of Web Security materials and resources. 

## Tools
Repository | Description
---- | ----
[nikto](https://tools.kali.org/information-gathering/nikto)| Nikto is an Open Source (GPL) web server scanner
[zap](https://www.zaproxy.org) | OWASP Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP) web app scanner
[burp-community-edition](https://portswigger.net/burp/communitydownload) | Burp Suite Community Edition is a feature-limited set of manual tools for exploring web security


## Academy / Labs / Classes
Repository | Description
---- | ----
[portswigger-web-security](https://portswigger.net/web-security) | Free, online web security training from the creators of Burp Suite
[hacker101](https://www.hacker101.com/) | Hacker101 is a free class for web security including Videos, CTF and resources
[kontra-owasp-top10-for-web](https://application.security/free/owasp-top-10-API) | Is a series of interactive application security training modules to help developers understand, identify and mitigate security vulnerabilities in their applications..

## Other useful repositories
Repository | Description
---- | ----
[web-hacking-101](https://leanpub.com/web-hacking-101/read) | Web Hacking 101 by Peter Yaworski
